EXAMPLE: FRAGMENT MULTI-CONFORMER FIT (Mike Devereux)
=====================================================

In this example we combine fragment fitting, which has the advantage of scaling
well to large molecules with many charges, with multi-conformer fitting, which
is particularly important for larger molecules which tend to have more
conformational degrees of freedom than small molecules.

The example is general to any multi-conformer fragment fit, but in this case we
take the side-chain optimization from the "sidechain-fit" folder as an example.
The reference ESP and density grids therefore have the backbone and capping
group atoms removed, performed in the 3rd step of that example. The fitted model
produced at the end can then be further processed by applying steps 8-10 from
that example to produce a full TRP residue with optimized sidechain and CHARMM
charges for the backbone.

The basic approach is:

1. Fit atomic multipole moments to the molecular ESP of the 1st conformer, which
becomes the reference, then fit new atomic multipoles for each of the other
conformers but this time constraining the atomic charges to those of the
reference conformer. In this way we ensure that the fragments we build from
these atomic multipoles have the same net charge for all conformers.

2. Fit atomic charge models to the atomic multipole moments. As these are only
required to prvide an initial guess for subsequent DE fitting of the fragments
we only consider one conformer, decreasing the fitting time.

3. Fit fragment charge models to a reference fragment ESP generated from the
fitted atomic multipole moments from step 1. These charge models are fitted to
all conformers simultaneously.

4. Find the combination of fragment models for a given number of molecular
charges that gives the lowest predicted RMSE (based on the mean RMSE of the
component fragment models). Combine these fragment models to create a molecular
charge model.

5. Refine the molecular charge models with many charges using simplex
optimization, now fitting to the original (usually ab initio) reference ESP data
of the full system for all conformers.

6. Analyze the finished model for quality of the ESP fit for each conformer, and
generate ESP grids and error grids for visualization of the performance.
